DOCSUP-5266: Edit and translate to Russian (#19591)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/functions/date-time-functions.md

## formatDateTime {#formatdatetime}

> Function formats a Time according to the given Format string. N.B.: Format is a constant expression, e.g. you cannot have multiple formats for a single result column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Formats a Time according to the given Format string. Format is a constant expression, so you cannot have multiple formats for a single result column.
```

└────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

## FROM\_UNIXTIME {#fromunixfime}

> Function converts Unix timestamp to date. When there is only a single argument of [Integer](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md) type, it acts in the same way as [toDateTime](../../sql-reference/functions/type-conversion-functions.md#todatetime) and return [DateTime](../../sql-reference/data-types/datetime.md) type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Function converts Unix timestamp to a calendar date and a time of a day. When there is only a single argument of [Integer](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md) type, it acts in the same way as [toDateTime](../../sql-reference/functions/type-conversion-functions.md#todatetime) and return [DateTime](../../sql-reference/data-types/datetime.md) type.
```
